---
uid: 8
title: Random International
subtitle: Making an artwork
type: single
navStyle:
  style: dark
  tint: regular-tint
  progress: light
background: random
sidebar: false
date: 2019-09-11
src: /images/homepage/random-tile.jpg
prev: ./makielab
next: ./lego
---

::: slot top

<Stage-ProjectVisual>
  <template v-slot:visual-background>
    <Heros-ImageHero name="ecosia" src="/images/ecosia/ecosia-comp.png" alt="Ecosia mobile devices" :noise="true"/>
  </template>
</Stage-ProjectVisual>

<Stage-ProjectStage ctaLabel="www.ecosia.org" ctaUrl="https://www.ecosia.org"
description="Wesen is an experiment in turning customers into creators and building a digital product end-to-end. It enables anyone to customise a pendant necklace, which can be bespoke manufactured by a blend of traditional and modern techniques." :fadeUpHero="false">

</Stage-ProjectStage>

:::


<Content-ContextSection :box="true">

<template v-slot:main>

## Context

toucanBox is an award winning startup subscription service that provides arts and crafts activities for children aged 3 to 8 years old. Each box has the child’s name on the front and a personalised message printed inside. It has illustrated instructions, an activity magazine and all the required materials to make a craft project. It’s also delivered straight through the letterbox.

2017 was a significant year for toucanBox. Having secured funding in the previous year, we were ready to expand the Company and transition into a growth phase.

As we offer a product customers usually haven’t seen before, we knew that our communication and first impression must be flawless.

New customers register through the website. They choose a box type for their child (or children) and create an account, providing relevant details (including email, delivery address and billing information). The first box is a free trial if they are acquired through paid marketing channels.

</template>

<template v-slot:side>

**Product**
Responsive landing page and signup web application

**Sector**
Subscription e-commerce

**Timeframe**
2017

**Team composition**
CTO, product designer*, two full-stack developers, stakeholders in Marketing and Creative

_I have omitted confidential information in this case study. All information and images are my own unless stated otherwise._


</template>

</Content-ContextSection>



<Content-TextSection>

# Project 1

VuePress is composed of two parts: a [minimalistic static site generator](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress/tree/master/packages/%40vuepress/core) with a Vue-powered [theming system](../theme/README.md) and [Plugin API](../plugin/README.md), and a [default theme](../theme/default-theme-config.md) optimized for writing technical documentation. It was created to support the documentation needs of Vue’s own sub projects.

Each page generated by VuePress has its own pre-rendered static HTML, providing great loading performance and is SEO-friendly. Yet, once the page is loaded, Vue takes over the static content and turns it into a full Single-Page Application (SPA). Extra pages are fetched on demand as the user navigates around the site.

## How It Works

A VuePress site is in fact a SPA powered by [Vue](http://vuejs.org/), [Vue Router](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-router) and [webpack](http://webpack.js.org/). If you’ve used Vue before, you will notice the familiar development experience when you are writing or developing custom themes (you can even use Vue DevTools to debug your custom theme!).

During the build, we create a server-rendered version of the app and render the corresponding HTML by virtually visiting each route. This approach is inspired by [Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org/)'s `nuxt generate` command and other projects like [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/).

Each Markdown file is compiled into HTML with [markdown-it](https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it) and then processed as the template of a Vue component. This allows you to directly use Vue inside your Markdown files and is great when you need to embed dynamic content.

## Features

**Built-in Markdown extensions**

* [Table of Contents](../guide/markdown.md#table-of-contents)
* [Custom Containers](../guide/markdown.md#custom-containers)
* [Line Highlighting](../guide/markdown.md#line-highlighting-in-code-blocks)
* [Line Numbers](../guide/markdown.md#line-numbers)
* [Import Code Snippets](../guide/markdown.md#import-code-snippets)

**Using Vue in Markdown**

* [Templating](../guide/using-vue.md#templating)
* [Using Components](../guide/using-vue.md#using-components)

**Vue-powered custom theme system**

* [Metadata](../theme/writing-a-theme.md#site-and-page-metadata)
* [Content Excerpt](../theme/writing-a-theme.md#content-excerpt)

**Default theme**

* Responsive layout
* [Optional Homepage](../theme/default-theme-config.md#homepage)
* [Simple out-of-the-box header-based search](../theme/default-theme-config.md#built-in-search)
* Customizable [navbar](../theme/default-theme-config.md#navbar) and [sidebar](../theme/default-theme-config.md#sidebar)
* [Auto-generated GitHub link and page edit links](../theme/default-theme-config.md#git-repo-and-edit-links)
* [PWA: Popup UI to refresh contents](../theme/default-theme-config.md#popup-ui-to-refresh-contents)
* [Last Updated](../theme/default-theme-config.md#last-updated)
* [Multi-Language Support](../guide/i18n.md)

**Blog theme**

* [Documentation](https://vuepress-theme-blog.ulivz.com/)
* [Live Example](https://ulivz.com/)


**Plugin**

* [Powerful Plugin API](../plugin/README.md)
* [Blog Plugin](https://vuepress-plugin-blog.ulivz.com/)
* [Search Plugin](../plugin/official/plugin-search.md)
* [PWA Plugin](../plugin/official/plugin-pwa.md)
* [Google Analytics Plugin](../plugin/official/plugin-google-analytics.md)
* ...

## Why Not ...?

### Nuxt

Nuxt is capable of doing what VuePress does, but it’s designed for building applications. VuePress is focused on content-centric static sites and provides features tailored for technical documentation out of the box.

### Docsify / Docute

Both are great projects and also Vue-powered. Except they are both fully runtime-driven and therefore not SEO-friendly. If you don’t care for SEO and don’t want to mess with installing dependencies, these are still great choices.

### Hexo

Hexo has been serving the Vue docs well - in fact, we are probably still a long way to go from migrating away from it for our main site. The biggest problem is that its theming system is static and string-based - we want to take advantage of Vue for both the layout and the interactivity. Also, Hexo’s Markdown rendering isn’t the most flexible to configure.

### GitBook

We’ve been using GitBook for most of our sub project docs. The primary problem with GitBook is that its development reload performance is intolerable with a large amount of files. The default theme also has a pretty limiting navigation structure, and the theming system is, again, not Vue based. The team behind GitBook is also more focused on turning it into a commercial product rather than an open-source tool.

# FAQ

## Why can’t `palette.styl` and `index.styl` merge into one API?

The `palette.styl` is responsible for global color settings. During compilation, theme color constants should be resolved by the preprocessor first and then be applied to the global context.

But for `index.styl`, its job is to override the default styles of application. According to the priority principle of CSS, the later style has a higher priority, so it should be generated at the end of the CSS file.

A simple diagram describing the Stylus compiler’s compilation order as follows:

@flowstart
stage1=>operation: palette.styl
stage2=>operation: default app styles
stage3=>operation: index.styl

stage1->stage2->stage3
@flowend

<br>

## What’s the differences between the `clientDynamicModules` and `enhanceAppFiles`?

Let’s take a look back first, both `clientDynamicModules` and `enhanceAppFiles` can generate modules with dynamic JavaScript code during compile time.

The difference is that the files generated by `enhanceAppFiles` will be loaded and applied automatically when the application is initialized on the client-side, while the files generated by `clientDynamicModules` need to be imported as `@dynamic/xxx` by the users themselves.

```js
module.exports = (options, ctx) => ({
  // Import by entry file automatically.
  enhanceAppFiles: {
    name: 'constans-a',
    content: `...`
  },

  // Need to use via: import '@dynamic/constans-b'
  clientDynamicModules() {
    return {
      name: 'constans-b',
      content: `...`
    }
  }
})
```

## When do I need to use `enhanceAppFiles`?

1. I want to execute some code on the client-side automatically.
2. I don’t need to reuse this module.

**Example:**

- [@vuepress/plugin-register-components](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress/tree/master/packages/@vuepress/plugin-register-components/index.js#L24): Automatically registering components on the client-side.
- [@vuepress/plugin-google-analytics](https://github.com/vuejs/vuepress/blob/master/packages/@vuepress/plugin-google-analytics/enhanceAppFile.js): Automatically set up Google Analytics.

## When do I need to use `clientDynamicModules`?

1. I want to generate a dynamic module that needs to be invoked at a specific time.
2. I want to use this module in different modules.

**Example:**

- [@vuepress/plugin-blog](https://github.com/vuepressjs/vuepress-plugin-blog/blob/master/src/node/index.ts#L208): Using compile-time metadata to generate some dynamic blog-related modules and initialize them on the client-side by using `enhanceAppFiles`.

</Content-TextSection>



::: slot bottom

Bottom

:::
